Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/how-to-define-a-custom-cell-template-that-allows-performing-data-editing-t410760: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/T410760)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->
# Pivot Grid for WPF - How to Edit a Cell with the Cell Editing Template

> The Pivot Grid control does not support the data editing functionality out of the box because it displays aggregated data. This example demonstrates how to implement a custom [CellTemplate](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.PivotGrid.PivotGridField.CellTemplate) with the in-place editing functionality. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Pivot Grid control does not support data editing functionality out of the box because it displays aggregated data. This example demonstrates how to implement a custom [CellTemplate](https://docs.devexpress.com/WPF/DevExpress.Xpf.PivotGrid.PivotGridField.CellTemplate) with in-place editing functionality.
```

> This example implements the base set of features. It does not allow to go to the next cell by pressing the tab or arrow keys.

Reviewer: `It does not allow to go to the next cell by pressing the tab or arrow keys.`

Do _users_ press the tab or arrow key? If so, do you mean:

`It does not allow users to go to the next cell by pressing the tab or arrow key.`

Author: ```suggestion
This example implements the base set of features. It does not allow users to go to the next cell by pressing the tab or arrow key.

```

![screenshot](/images/screenshot.png)

> The `PivotGridEditHelper` class implements the in-place cell editor. When editing is finished, the editor calls the `pivotGridControl1_OnCellEdit` method. This method retrieves the underlying data for the edited cell and adjusts them so that their sum equals the new value entered in the cell.

Reviewer: `This method retrieves the underlying data for the edited cell and adjusts them so that their sum equals the new value entered in the cell.`

What do you mean by "them" and "their"? Please clarify.

Author: We are talking about cell values. Is it okay to change it to the following: `This method retrieves the underlying data for the edited cell and recalculates cell values related to the edited cell (for example, Total and Grand Total values).`

Reviewer: Thanks, your suggestion sounds good. Please apply it.
```suggestion
The `PivotGridEditHelper` class implements the in-place cell editor. When editing is finished, the editor calls the `pivotGridControl1_OnCellEdit` method. This method retrieves the underlying data for the edited cell and recalculates cell values related to the edited cell (for example, Total and Grand Total values).
```
